An update to S68 (Deleted diameter topology) (#1382)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000068/properties/P000110.md

---
space: S000068
property: P000110
value: false
---

Suppose $\{\mathscr U_n:n\in\mathbb N\}$ is a development of $X$. We may and do assume
that each $\mathscr U_n$ consists of elements of the canonical basis for topology on $X$, i.e.
discs with horizontal diameters but not centres removed. 
Let $P_{(x,y)}:=\{(a,b)\in X: b\neq y \lor a=x\}$ and

> define $A_n:=\{ x\in X: \mathrm{st}(x,\mathscr U_n)\subset P_x\}$.
> 
> Now observe, that $\mathbb R^2\setminus A_n=\bigcup\{ \mathrm{int}_e U: U\in\mathscr U_n\}$,
> where $\mathrm{int}_e$ denoted Euclidean interior of a set. The '$\supset$' is evident.
> For '$\subset$' note that $x\in A_n$ is necessarily the centre of all 'deleted balls'
> in $\mathscr U_n$ to which it belongs.
> 
> Moreover, $\mathrm{int}_e A_n=\emptyset$, since a Euclidean ball centred at $x\in A_n$
> contains elements of $\mathrm{int}_e U$ for any $x\in U\in\mathscr U_n$.
> Therefore $A_n$'s are nowhere dense subsets of the Euclidean plane.
> 
> Since for $x\in X$ the family $\{ \mathrm{st}(x,\mathscr U_n): n\in\mathbb N\}$
> is a local base at $x$, there exists $n\in\mathbb N$ such that $x\in A_n$.
> Therefore $X=\bigcup_{n\in\mathbb N} A_n$ which is a contradiction with
> the Baire category theorem for the Euclidean plane. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define $A_n:=\{ x\in X: \mathrm{st}(x,\mathscr U_n)\subset P_x\}$.

Now observe that $\mathbb R^2\setminus A_n=\bigcup\{ \mathrm{int}_e U: U\in\mathscr U_n\}$,
where $\mathrm{int}_e$ denotes the Euclidean interior of a set. The '$\supset$' is evident.
For '$\subset$' note that $x\in A_n$ is necessarily the centre of all 'deleted balls'
in $\mathscr U_n$ to which it belongs.

Moreover, $\mathrm{int}_e A_n=\emptyset$, since a Euclidean ball centred at $x\in A_n$
contains elements of $\mathrm{int}_e U$ for any $U$ with $x\in U\in\mathscr U_n$.
Therefore the $A_n$ are nowhere dense subsets of the Euclidean plane.

Since for $x\in X$ the family $\{ \mathrm{st}(x,\mathscr U_n): n\in\mathbb N\}$
is a local base at $x$, there exists $n\in\mathbb N$ such that $x\in A_n$.
Therefore $X=\bigcup_{n\in\mathbb N} A_n$ which contradicts
the Baire category theorem for the Euclidean plane. 
```
minor grammar fixes
